Docs for new config file params (#2173)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/guides/configuration.rst

- ``mst_enable`` enables or disables multisignature transaction support in
  Iroha. We recommend setting this parameter to ``false`` at the moment until
  you really need it.

> - ``mst_expiration_time`` the time period after which a not fully signed MST

Reviewer: is the time…

> - ``mst_expiration_time`` the time period after which a not fully signed MST

Reviewer 2: Is it in seconds, minutes? I suggest adding that info.

  is considered expired.

> - ``max_rounds_delay`` optional parameter specifying the maximum delay between

Reviewer: is an optional…

> - ``max_rounds_delay`` optional parameter specifying the maximum delay between

Reviewer 2: Same as above

  two consensus rounds.

>   When Iroha is staying idle, it gradually increases the delay to reduce CPU,

Reviewer: is idle instead?

  network and logging load.
  However too long delay may be unwanted when first transactions arrive after a
  long idle time.

>   This parameter allows users to find an optimal tradeoff.

Reviewer: > tradeoff — a balancing of factors all of which are not attainable at the same time

allows users to find an optimal value in a tradeoff between resource consumption and transaction throughput rate.

> - ``stale_stream_max_rounds`` maximum amount of rounds to keep an open status

Reviewer: is a maximum…

  stream while no status update is reported.
  Increasing this value reduces the amount of times a client must reconnect to

>   track a transaction if for some reason it's does not update with new rounds.

Reviewer 2: "it's not updated"? Looks like a typo

>   However large values increase the average connected clients amount during

Reviewer: the average number of?

> - ``mst_enable`` enables or disables multisignature transaction support in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - ``mst_enable`` enables or disables multisignature transaction network transport in
```
It can be rephrased in other way, but the idea is that the flag is about transport, not the support in general.

- ``mst_enable`` enables or disables multisignature transaction support in
  Iroha. We recommend setting this parameter to ``false`` at the moment until
  you really need it.

> - ``mst_expiration_time`` is the time period (in minutes) after which a not

Reviewer 2: is the time period, in which not fully signed transaction is considered expired (in minutes)?
